Title: Testing the fidelity of simulations of black hole - galaxy co-evolution at z ∼ 1.5 with observations

Dear Dr. Ding,

I have received the reviewer's report on your above submission to The Astrophysical Journal, and is appended below. As you will see, the reviewer thinks that your manuscript is interesting and that it will merit publication once you have addressed the issues raised in the report.

When you resubmit, please outline the revisions you have made in response to each of the reviewer's comments using plain text in the field provided when you upload the revised manuscript. Citing each of the reviewer's comments immediately followed by your response would be particularly helpful.

Click the link below to upload your revised manuscript; 
https://aas.msubmit.net/cgi-bin/main.plex?el=A7KO1BiB1A2Cekl1J5A9ftdJSODSHhL1sWNnA8NtI6jDwZ
Alternatively, you may also log into your account at the EJ Press web site, http://apj.msubmit.net. Please use your user's login name: xuhengding. You can then ask for a new password via the Unknown/Forgotten Password link if you have forgotten your password. 

Reviewers find it helpful if the changes in the text of the manuscript are easily distinguishable from the rest of the text. We ask you to highlight the changes in bold. The highlighting can be removed easily after the review process.

The AAS Journals have adopted a policy that manuscript files become inactive, and are considered to have been withdrawn six months after the most recent reviewer's report us sent to the authors.

If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.

Sincerely,
Lee Armus
AAS Scientific Editor
California Institute of Technology
lee.armus@aas.org
---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Reviewer Report 
Reviewer's Comments:
Dear Editor,

I have reviewed the paper "Testing the fidelity of simulations of
black hole - galaxy co-evolution at z ∼ 1.5 with observations", by 
X. Ding et al., submitted for the ApJ.

The paper examines scaling relations of supermassive black holes for
new measurements of 32 AGN in the redshift range 1.2 < z < 1.7 and
compares the results to the MassiveBlackII cosmological hydrodynamical
simulation and a semi-analytic model. While both models are broadly
consistent with the data, the scatter in the semi-analytic model is
considerably larger. The authors find that the observed scatter is
consistent in magnitude with the one found locally, which they
interpret as evidence against a central limit origin of the scaling
relations from hierarchical merging, where the scatter should go down
with time.

Overall the paper represents an interesting contribution to the study
of the origin of the SMBH scaling relations, even though its
conclusions are fairly tentative, and the interpretation should be
taken with a grain of salt. I point out a number of issues that should 
be clarified in the paper. Once addressed, it may then become publishable in the ApJ.


- I don't quite understand what is meant with the sentence "The 
redshift range of our targets is chosen to be high enough (z > 1) 
when most of the SMBHs acquired their mass thus sensitive to initial 
conditions and growth mechanisms, possibly allowing an 
identification of inaccurate or missing physics in the models." at 
the top right of page 2. Do the authors argue here that the results 
are sensitive or insensitive to the initial conditions? 

- In the description of the MBII simulation (page 3, before 2.2.1), it 
is stated that "The large simulation volume enables the model 
galaxies and SMBHs to evolve independently". I don't understand this 
- isn't the point of MBII that galaxies and their embedded SMBHs 
coevolve, mutually influencing each other? 

- When the Bondi accretion in the MBII simulation is described, isn't 
the accretion rate boosted by an ad-hoc factor alpha in this model 
to account for resolution limitations? If true, this should be 
properly included. (Aside: The referee thinks SUBFIND is described 
in a paper by Springel from 2001, not 2005.) 

- What about the intrinsic scatter of the MBII? How much of the 
scatter is coming from the random injection of noise to mimic 
observational measurement errors? Since scatter is used in this work 
as the main diagnostic tool, the different components entering the 
scatter in the analysis of the theoretical model need to be 
disentangled more clearly and transparently. 

- It is unclear what the grey and orange cells in the background of 
the right panel in Fig 2 refer to. And in particular, for the green 
SAM points, it is unclear whether the slope that is used for the SAM 
power-law (the green line) is realistic at all to describe the SAM 
results... Couldn't the SAM be excluded simply already because it 
fails to reproduce the observed slope of the M_BH-M_star relation? 

- The authors correctly point out that the redshift evolution is a key 
further diagnostic. There is some interesting discussion of this 
towards the end of the paper, but unfortunately not much 
quantitative analysis in the paper. Why not consider the redshift 
trend of the models over the interval z=1.2 to z=1.7 instead of just 
looking at z=1.5 alone? There should be enough statistics for this, 
and this would offer the chance to arrive at somewhat stronger 
conclusions. 

- Btw, since the SAM can be easily modified and rerun, why not 
modifying some of the modelling assumptions to better clarify the 
origin of the scatter it shows? 

- I note that all the figures have only barely visible tick marks on 
their axes, and no minor tick marks at all, making quantitative 
interpretation unnecessarily hard. This is really a bad axes style 
and must be fixed.